Add custom icons for Confirm action buttons. (#3812)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/List.md

**Tip**: `<Confirm>` text props such as `title` and `content` are translatable. You can pass use translation keys in these props.

> **Tip**: You can customize the text and icon of the two `<Confirm>` component buttons using the `cancel` and `confirm` prop which accepts translation keys too and the `ConfirmIcon` and `CancelIcon` prop which accepts a SvgIcon type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: You can customize the text of the two `<Confirm>` component buttons using the `cancel` and `confirm` props which accept translation keys. You can customize the icons by setting the `ConfirmIcon` and `CancelIcon` props, which accept a SvgIcon type.
```
